Update contributor information to reflect changes to the GitHub user interface (#2935)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2935.doc.rst

> Updated information in the |contributor guide| on how to access test results and documentation previews after recent changes in GitHub's interface.

Author: ```suggestion
Updated how to access test results and documentation previews in the |contributor guide| after recent changes to GitHub's user interface.
```
